Adds a project Readme (#57)
marigold-dev/sidechain: Readme.md

tests. These can be run with,

```
esy test
```

### Running the node

The node binary is `http_server.exe` present in `bin/` folder. One way
to execute it would be,

```
esy b dune exec ./bin/http_server.exe <args>
```

(`http_server` because the node uses HTTP for p2p communication)

However, every node needs an identity before it can join or start a
network. Identities can be created with the CLI tool, `sidecli`

```
esy x sidecli make-credentials
```

`make-credentials` meant for quick development - it creates a couple
of identities to setup a local test network. They're store in folders
`0`, `1`, `2` and `3`.

This identity folder can now be passed to the node.

```
esy b dune exec ./bin/http_server.exe 0
```

#### Running multiple nodes
Note that, due to a bug in esy, it isn't currently possible to run two
`esy b dune exec ./bin/http_server.exe ...` simultaneously. To
workaround this, use the full path, after entering `esy shell`, to the binary for now.

```
esy shell
$cur__target_dir/default/bin/http_server.exe ...
```

## Contributing

### Guidelines

Please consider the following,

1. Using `<your username>/<branchname>` format for the branches

> 2. Opening follow up posts on the issue tracker for non-critical
>    issues observed during PR reviews.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Opening follow up posts on the issue tracker for non-critical
   issues observed during reviews of critical PRs.
```

Reviewer: I would say it's a good idea to prevent PRs from being merged if they're not critical and there is some issue.
